Hello guys !

This is method (PissDrinker c.to)
I've used this method to get really rare Roblox accounts (2004-2006) with rare usernames. However this method can essentially be used for any type of account including social media. For this guide I will be using Roblox.

Go to Ebay, Playerup, any website with people selling Roblox Accounts. On Ebay, sellers sell rare 2006-2008 Roblox accounts with some limiteds and rare names by the thousands. The accounts they sell have unverified emails too, prompting true full access to the accounts once purchased.

Buy 1 or 2 of these (don't worry, we will refund it later), once the seller delivers the account details via messages, log into the accounts provided and change the passwords. Since the accounts have unverified emails, nobody will be notified nor have the ability to gain back access to the account. The account is officially yours!

After a reasonable time of about an hour, message the seller regarding your order. You're going to tell them that the account details they provided does not work on the Roblox website. ONLY FOR 1 ACCOUNT! Specifically tell them to give you "the correct password" so you can log into the account you have purchased. You're trying to act like you didn't just change the password of the account, LOL.

Most sellers will message you back with the details of a new account. If they refuse to, (they rarely do) start to question their authenticity of a seller and threaten to leave a bad review.

The reason why this method works is because these account sellers are getting second hand accounts, usually cracked/brute-forced in the masses. It is unlikely, but indeed possible, that one of the original account owners re-obtained access to the cracked account, or, the seller may have written down the wrong password for the account. This is also believable because if they have forgotten the password they cannot reset it through email-means.

DOUBLE DIP:
Repeat the previous step of changing the newly scammed account's password, and once again question their authenticity as a seller in messages. Some sellers are so well established in their field that giving away an account for free is less costly than getting negative reviews.

Usually the seller is not that stupid, so here is the refund method:

Launch a dispute on Ebay that you never received the account details that you ordered. Since Ebay has no association with Roblox corporation, they cannot verify if the seller ever sent you authentic Roblox account details, thus, they will side with you and refund you.
