You Wanna Crack Netflix

But You Poor/No Money!!!
How To Do It ?? ??
Most Guys Already Know This : ) Still Sharing For Newbies Who Wanna Contribute.
First You Can't Crack Netflix With Free Proxies
You Need Real HQ Proxies(Most Are Paid)

But Today I Will Say Methods With Complete Tutorials On How To Get Them For Free
Without Further Delay Let's Get Started


1st Method

Buy Proxy Servers | Fast & Affordable | Webshare
Anonymous and private proxy servers. 10 proxies for FREE. Download proxy server list. HTTP Proxy SOCKS5 proxy servers. Rotating proxy available. Buy fast proxy.
proxy.webshare.io proxy.webshare.io

How To Get

Temp Mail Works For SIgn Up So Ya Do That Stuff..
Limit for free plan on this website is 1 GB bandwidth.
On the left side bar go to IP Authentication tab and add your IP to the list.
You Can't Choose Proxies By Country On Free Plan
You Have To Use the 5500x Proxies mixed proxies
They Are Obviously Better Than Other Free Proxies
Go to List tab.
Set authentication method to IP authentication.
Proxy list mode as "no-gap assignment" then download the proxy list.
Proxy Type Here Is HTTP/HTTPS.

CPM will be very less (better than free proxies though) on netflix
You can use this many times you want but remember to remove your ip after exhausting 1gb bandwidth.

2nd Method

🖥 Buy proxies - private, anonymous, fast, cheap | Proxy service RSocks
High-quality proxies for any requirements, low prices, wide geo spread, high uptime. RSocks means stability and quality of services provided!
rsocks.net rsocks.net

How To Get

Temp Mail Again Works Here As Well
Go to Residental packet and request free test packet.After it?s done it will
come contact options of rsocks.
Now go on Telegram and send message to @RSocks saying this:
Hello!
"I am willing to buy proxies from your service but before buying I
have to test the quality!
I am a Certified Ethical Hacker and I need those proxies for my
practicals."
If they ask for your username which you created account,send
them that username!Withing 5 minutes you have your paid
proxies [Image: wink.png]
These proxies gonna be alive for 1hr

These Are Obviously Better tham Webshare Proxies
You Can't take multi trials again with same account and ip
To take test again you need new account and new Ip

3rd Method

luminati.io
Bright Data (formerly Luminati) Proxy Networks and Data Collection
Luminati Networks is now Bright Data. Unblock any website & collect accurate data to make data-driven business decisions. 7-Day Free Trial.
luminati.io luminati.io

How To Get

Temp Mail Won't Work Here [Image: pepixd.png] [Image: pepe.gif]
You need to use gmail else outlook for this
after you done with signup go to billing add a card(paypal also there )
They Won't Charge Anything It's just required for authorisation
they will give free 5$
Now go to zones click on the first one you see
New Window Will come Scroll down And You will get the option to download the ip list
20,000 Ips You Will Get
These Proxies Last Really Long And Are Very Good
You Can USe These On Storm, Xrisky Checkers .
For luminati to work on openbullet just paste the proxies instead of importing It will work for sure
Proxies Here Are HTTP/HTTPS

CPM is like okayish for netflix
Gradually Slows Down
Most Nibba's Resell These Here Xd

4th Method

https://moxyproxy.pw/

How To Get

First Of All It's Russian Site
So Use Google Translate [Image: cant.png] [Image: cant.png]
Then You Will See They will give you 30mins free trial
To Get Access To These You need to give telegram authentication
so just type your number there you will get a notification on telegram app and just agree
Go back to moxyproxy proxy and click activate.
From here you will have 30 mins to use the proxies
You will see a link that looks like http://moxyproxy.pw/key/XXXXXXXXXXXX
Open this link and here are all the proxies
Then in the menu where the key was you will see an ip like 127.0.0
Click on the second button next to it and your IP will show up
This mean your proxies are IP Activated
Then enjoy cracking

This Is the best one Tbh
It Won't slow down like luminati
Time is for 30 mins only
Proxies here are SOCKS5

I have tested each and every of these and as per me Smart
Moxyproxy&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Luminati&gt;&gt;&gt;Rsocks&gt;&gt;&gt;Webshare

That's All Of The Tutorial
Now Go And Contribute
