First off, this is for fun only & don't do anything bad because yeah It's bad ^^

Quote: "No matter how powerful you are, If you have a weakness then we are equal."

Note: You can't execute this bad boy If you have already done something bad because it will be too late maybe, also this trick is a risky boi too and this is only for attacking.
And act like a good guy.

Requirements:
Acting,
Hiding,
Lying,
Own a Internet cafe and make sure It's kinda dark inside,
Big bag for your laptops,
Sell wifi? like you make someone pay to use your wifi doesn't matter if inside or outside in specific time depends on the amount of the payment,
2 Laptops,
Don't add friend someone or talk to someone just uhh be loane,
Calm & patient

First laptop is for the internet cafe - Linux, Laptop & Mac doesn't matter what OS to use.
Second laptop is for hacking - Linux, Laptop & Mac doesn't matter what OS to use.

1.Download a browser called brave, configure it to maximum security also add some useful privacy extensions but make sure it does not log.
2.Download tor and configure it to maximum security(This will be used for surfing only).
3.Download a VPN that doesn't log and make sure to do a deep research about the VPN first.
4.Make sure they are a lot of customer in your internet cafe, and a lot of people are using it.
5.Open your hacking laptop, spoof your mac address, turn the VPN On(Make sure to double check), spoof your timezone & useragent.
6.Do your execute your hacking stuff like spreading a ransomeware, malware & website hacking like anyting big or illegal and make sure people don't know it even your relatives.
7.Okay this is an example, onced you have hacked the government website and leak the documents somewhere there is a 90% that the government will try to find you for leaking there documents.
8.And if they have tracked you they will surely ask some questions or to be precise interview you but they still won't know If you are the one who did it. But before that happen and after hacking get away with your internet cafe turn off your hacking laptop & head home, If you can't format your laptop then hide it somewhere far not from your home because they will likely do some research in your home or relatives.

A way to remove your tracks in laptop:
Format your laptop and add some games and don't install any hacking tools and use the chrome only and search normal stuff but before you do that save your important files first.

Interview:
Just say you own the cafe and make everyone pay to use it and you have a log of them and give it to them and they will most likely to answer those kids/peoples playing in your cafe and If they lie the FBI/NSA will be supicious but depends or they might think they are in the wrong location.
In the interview they will surely give you some trick question that will expose what you do or monitor you in lie detector(Lie detector can be exploit mostly if your exhausted because It monitors your heartbeet), monitor your behaviour, eyes, temperature(maybe) and etc so don't be always confident that they will not monitor you for months orr weeks.

9.Just act normal for weeks or months because they 97%-100% will send someone to monitor you 24/7 once they have verified that your good and your instinct of being watch is gone, then your safe.
10.Mission success? Repeat(You should not repeat the same method you are hiding your stuff because It might get suspicious)

Others:
If people will ask you what your 2nd laptop is for just say It's for GAMING and the first laptop is for monitoring the Internet Cafe, wifi & time of someone using the internet and on when they will need to stop using it.

Advantages:
A lot of people are using the same wifi so It's hard to guess which one is who.
The attacker uses a VPN & spoof his stuff so that will give the FBI & NSA a hard time knowing the person behind the shadow.
Your chill, good guy, honest & likes to chitchat.
No traces in your second laptop or your hope or your internet cafe, they just tracked the real location.
The VPN does not log so they can't just request in your ISP, even if they did your useragent & etc is spoof.
